Q.1 - Who Developed python programming language?
Ans- Python programming language was developed by Guido van Rossum in 1989


Q.2. Which type of Programming does Python support?
Ans- Python supports object oriented programming and functional programming.


Q.3. Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Ans- Yes, Python is case sensitive when dealing with identifiers, such as variable names, function names, and class names.


4. What is the correct extension of the Python file?
Ans- “.py” is the correct extension of the python file.


5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted?
Ans- Python code is interpreted, not compiled. When you run a Python program, the interpreter reads the code and executes it line by line, rather than compiling it.


6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language?
Ans- 
* Functions: defined using the "def" keyword
* Classes: defined using the "class" keyword
* If statements: defined using the "if" keyword
* For loops: defined using the "for" keyword
* While loops: defined using the "while" keyword


7. State a character used to give single-line comments in Python?
Ans- “#” hashtag character is used to do the single line comment.


8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
Ans- “sys.version” This returns a string that contains information about the version of Python you're using.


9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called______?
Ans- Lambda Functions


10. What does pip stand for python?
Ans- pip stands for "Pip Installs Packages". It is a package manager for Python, used to install and manage packages and libraries


11. Mention a few built-in functions in python?
Ans- print(), len(), range(), sum(), min(), max(), int(), float(), str(), list(), tuple(), set(), dict()


12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python?
Ans- No limit but it's a good way to keep it short and descriptive.


13. What are the benefits of using Python?
Ans- Python is easy to use, easy to read, dynamically typed and supports functional and object oriented programming.


14. How is memory managed in Python?
Ans- which uses a private heap to store all Python objects and data structures. The Python memory manager is responsible for allocating and freeing memory


15. How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?
Ans-
* First download installer and run the installer and follow the on-screen instructions to install Python on your system.
* Then open the Start menu and search for "Environment Variables".
* Click on "Edit the system environment variables".
* Click on the "Environment Variables" button.
* Under "System Variables", scroll down and find the "Path" variable, then click "Edit".
* Add the path to the Python installation directory to the end of the "Path" variable.
* Restart your computer to apply the changes

16. Is indentation required in python?
Ans- Yes, indentation is required in Python.
